hello guys I have a really awesome app
today that we were gonna play that kind
of saw a pedophile ish but it's an app
so don't worry about it
here we go grand theft auto Chantell
wars what we're gonna do is go dumpster
diving no not literally
we're gonna go searching for stuff in
dumpsters wait that is dumpster diving
there right so as I enter this sheet I
have some news for you I got a new green
screen it's pretty sweet I also now have
Adobe After Effects so I can now do
awesome special effects so yeah
just give me a sec while I enter this
it's really difficult to do it in film
at the same time you'd be surprised
there we go boom can this Chi gives you
explosive pistol ammo so just type in B
oom CIN Here I am gonna go with now I
just deal with this let's go search for
some dumpsters
it's there when I killed him yeah it is
so I thought you see stuff like that
just if you don't want to find
pretty sure there's a dumpster back here
here it is awesome aboot
exactly what I need
can't do much good with a boot
and they get move okay let me that
little cap and I died that's awesome I
know what happens play the game plenty
of times
now the best ways to find a dumpster is
generally in a dark alley
oh there's one you kidding me what is up
with the boots
anything
just sworn I heard something you know
what screw it getting a car
just go with Beach all being chased by
the caps sounds like a nice Sunday to me
or whatever day the week is not really
gonna crack yeah being a stalker creeper
going through someone's driveway and
she's going there car blows up sending
me into the neighbor's yard awesome no
parking lot hey drug dealer yeah I think
good yeah weed acid yeah nothing really
you stink have something better than
this dumpster
yay finally I actually find something
good awesome
all right well thanks guys for watching
that's gonna be it for now and I'm just
gonna show you my new green screen it's
right up here so yes I'll be able to do
more videos with that so yeah it's
pretty awesome
thank you for watching this guys and
please subscribe